AE-1262: governance monitoring (#27)
arbitraryexecution/forta-aave-suite: governance/README.md

# Aave Governance Events

## Description

This bot monitors transactions for Aave governance events.

## Supported Chains

- Ethereum Mainnet

## Alerts

<!-- -->
- AE-AAVE-GOVERNANCE
  - Fired when a transaction log contains an event that matches a list of Aave governance events

>   - Severity is always set to "low"
>   - Type is always set to "suspicious"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Severity is always set to "info"
  - Type is always set to "info"
```

>   - Metadata field contains Aave contract name and address, event name, and transaction hash

Reviewer: This section needs to be updated with the list of alertIds and the associated finding information.  For example:
```
<!-- -->
- AE-AAVE-PROPOSAL-CREATED
  - Fired when a new Aave governance proposal is created
  - Severity is set to 'info'
  - Type is set to 'Info'
  - Metadata contains the Aave contract address and the proposal
```

## Test Data

> To run all the tests for this bot, use the following command: `npm run test`

Reviewer: It would be good to provide several transaction hashes that this bot can be tested with.  For example, the following transaction should cause the bot to create a finding for a "VoteEmitted" event:
`0x8295f70196826dc5e1390f97330e537b5ff0183bd5c22c9a81f000cda15e8e45`

Run with:
`npm run tx 0x8295f70196826dc5e1390f97330e537b5ff0183bd5c22c9a81f000cda15e8e45`
